README.md, before:

# Chris Service Portfolio
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  ![Status: Updated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_Progress-red)

## About The Portfolio
This is a **FUN** place for me to create, test, present all my passions for the software engineering. During the school time, I created multiple projects including AI, ML, Big Data Analytics which made a solid foundation to bring me into a real career as a software engineer focuing on the backend. Unfortunately, I missed the chance to demonstrate my growth due to the daily busy work in the past. Now, I decide to rollout this portfolio to show where I am now, what I could do and also where I will develop my future towards to. I will continue to update this portfolio to show my current skill capability, or a new skill/tech aqcuired or a new idea poping up.  

Please check my new projects and feedback to me. Happy Coding! Cheers~~

## My Old Portfolio ( From School Time )

| Project       | Status |
| ------------- |---------|
| [Detection of Alzheimer’s Disease Using Graph-Regularized Convolutional Neural Network Based on Structural Similarity Learning of Brain Magnetic Resonance Images](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Detection-of-AD-Using-Graph-Regularized-CNN-Based-on-MRIs) | Done|
| [UrbanSound Classification with CNN and RNN](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/UrbanSound-Classification_CNN_RNN) |Done |
| [Tweet Topic Tracking Pipeline with Lambda Architecture](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/twitter-with-kafka-stream) | Done |
| [Basic Data Pipline with Spark Structred Streaming](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Flume_Kafka_StructureStream_ELT) | Done |
| [ETL(Extract Transform Load) Data Pipeline Collection OOP](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Flume_Kafka_StructureStream_ELT_Updated) |Done |

Commit message:

update the read me file for portfolio

README.md, after:

# Chris Service Portfolio
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  ![Status: Updated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In_Progress-red)

## About The Portfolio & Me
This is a **FUN** place for [me](www.linkedin.com/in/chris-yang-8083942aa) to create, test, present all my passions to explore the world of software engineering. During the school time, I created a portfolio with multiple projects including AI, ML, Big Data Analytics which made a good foundation to bring me into a real career as a software engineer focuing on the backend. 

I took many **BIG** questions for me when starting this journey (HOW come my work only runs in localhost? WHAT a software lifecycle really looks like in the real world? HOW to secure the the service? HOW to manage them in the real world?....). Fortunately, my career gave me all perfect answers and also kept my vision widely open to this industry especially in the backend from dev, test, dev/ops, cloud engineering to admin and support. In the meatime, I just never felt enough to learn and practice new knowledge and skills until I'm here... 

Unfortunately, I missed the chance to demonstrate my growth due to the daily busy work.... Now, I decide to rollout this portfolio to show WHERE I am now, WHAT I could do and also WHERE I will develop my future towards to. 

I will continue to develop this portfolio to show my latest skill sets, or a new skill/tech aqcuired or a new idea poping up in my mind. Please check my new projects and feedback to me. Happy Coding! Cheers~~

## My Old Portfolio ( From School Time )

| Project       | Status |
| ------------- |---------|
| [Detection of Alzheimer’s Disease Using Graph-Regularized Convolutional Neural Network Based on Structural Similarity Learning of Brain Magnetic Resonance Images](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Detection-of-AD-Using-Graph-Regularized-CNN-Based-on-MRIs) | Done|
| [UrbanSound Classification with CNN and RNN](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/UrbanSound-Classification_CNN_RNN) |Done |
| [Tweet Topic Tracking Pipeline with Lambda Architecture](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/twitter-with-kafka-stream) | Done |
| [Basic Data Pipline with Spark Structred Streaming](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Flume_Kafka_StructureStream_ELT) | Done |
| [ETL(Extract Transform Load) Data Pipeline Collection OOP](https://github.com/mlmaster1995/Flume_Kafka_StructureStream_ELT_Updated) |Done |


## Contact
Chris Yang: kyang3@lakeheadu.ca
